c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\obj\Debug\VarcalSys_System.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\VarcalSys_System.Web.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\VarcalSys_System.Web.pdb
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\VarcalSys_System.Domain.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\VarcalSys_System.Util.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\VarcalSys_System.Domain.pdb
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\VarcalSys_System.Util.pdb
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\obj\Debug\VarcalSys_System.Web.dll
c:\users\cleber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\obj\Debug\VarcalSys_System.Web.pdb
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\VarcalSys_System.Web.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\VarcalSys_System.Web.pdb
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\VarcalSys_System.Domain.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\VarcalSys_System.Util.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\VarcalSys_System.Domain.pdb
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\VarcalSys_System.Util.pdb
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\obj\Debug\VarcalSys_System.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\obj\Debug\VarcalSys_System.Web.dll
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\obj\Debug\VarcalSys_System.Web.pdb
V:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\MySql.Data.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\VarcalSys_System.Web.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\VarcalSys_System.Web.pdb
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\VarcalSys_System.Domain.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\VarcalSys_System.Util.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\VarcalSys_System.Domain.pdb
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\VarcalSys_System.Util.pdb
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\obj\Debug\VarcalSys_System.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\obj\Debug\VarcalSys_System.Web.dll
D:\Projetos\VarcalSys_System\VarcalSys_System.Web\obj\Debug\VarcalSys_System.Web.pdb
